Email Automation

uipath supports several ways of sending emails

Exchange					: microsoft mail server platform
						  catering to large scale busniess 
						  need like scheduling meetings,

IBM notes					: used to retrive messages from 
						  IBM notes,it works only with
						  IBM notes only.

IMAP (internet message access protocol)	 :support multiple 
							  device access

Outlook					: email client used by the busniess
						  by microsoft exchange server
						  uipath supports via API for its
						  desktop application.
POP3 (post office protocol)		:Oldest but still supports
						 most email severs.bility to
 						 download emails locally into 
						 the machines.

SMTP (simple mail transfer protocol):trasmit messages 
						 from source to destination.
						 Ability to queup messages 
						 at receving ends.
						 Limited methodology.
						 

SMTP – It is short for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol and is a basic 
	protocol that only allows sending messages
POP3 – It stands for Post Office Protocol and is an older version
	 of a protocol for reading messages. Although this protocol is 
	almost obsolete, most mail servers supports it.
IMAP - Internet Message Access Protocol only helps to receive 
	messages and also provides additional features such as “Read” and “Move” emails between folders.
Exchange - This is a Microsoft Enterprise email solution
	 which is integrated within UiPath flawlessly and allows the 
	user to perform multiple actions such as Send, Delete, Move, and Get Email messages.
Outlook – This activity uses the API of the desktop application
	 and hence does not require to set up users, servers, or other
	 advanced details. This activity integrates Outlook API such that UiPath 
	can use the already logged-in Outlook account.
IBM Notes – This uses the IBM notes desktop API to interact with the
	 application and perform send, receive, move, and reading activities.
	 Similar to Outlook, this does not require the user to set up servers, 
	users, and works with the logged-in account.
Save Mail Message – Saves Emails on local disk
Save Attachments – Downloads attachments and saves them to local disk


four activities in UiPath that allow checking received Emails 
Get IMAP mail messages, Get POP3 Mail Messages, Get Outlook Mail Messages, 
And Get Exchange Mail Messages, and Finally Get IBM Notes Mail Messages.



